[autosummary] fix suffix detection (#12149)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: CHANGES.rst

  Patch by James Addison.
* #11578: HTML Search: Order non-main index entries after other results.
  Patch by Brad King.

> * #12147: autosummary: Fix a bug that wrong suffix may be used when multiple suffixes are specified by ``source_suffix``.
>   Patch by Sutou Kouhei.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #12147: autosummary: Fix a bug whereby the wrong file extension
  may be used,
  when multiple suffixes are specified in :confval:`source_suffix`.
  Patch by Sutou Kouhei.
```

Reviewer: fix lint error for line-length, and suggest some text changes

Author: Thanks for the suggestion!
I've applied it as-is.

(I didn't know the `:confval:`!)
